[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Imagine gaining
25 pounds in a month.
And this isn't from
eating pizza and brownies
and drinking your wine.
You're eating chicken, broccoli,
asparagus, going to the gym
at least once, sometimes twice
a day, and nothing is working.
You start to not even recognize
the woman you see in the mirror
anymore.
You become depressed.
You start to self loathe.
You start to question
yourself a little bit.
You don't want to go out.
You don't want to get dressed.
Your friends and family have
no idea what's wrong with you.
You fall deeper and
deeper into depression.
You need help.
So you go to your doctor.
Because that's what we do.
There they are.
You got a doctor number 1,
who tells you you're normal.
Everything's fine.
Doctor number 2, eat
less and exercise more.
Three, it's all in your head.
4, 5, 6.
Doctor number 7 does something
a little bit different.
Touches your neck
and says, swallow.
She says you have
hypothyroidism.
You have Hashimoto's.
There's a nodule there.
I'm going to give you a pill.
And you leave that office
and you are pumped.
Now you have a pill.
You have an answer.
You have a diagnosis.
Things will change.
And you give it five months.
No change.
No weight loss.
You don't feel better.
You keep hearing the name
of this functional medicine
practitioner, how
she helps people.
So you try doctor number 8.
You say this is going
to be my last resort.
This is it.
You meet with her.
And she actually sits down with
you for an hour and a half.
Does all of these labs.
Looks at you as a human being
and not just a lab value,
and asks you, how do you feel?
And she listens.
She gives you the right
thyroid hormone replacement,
the right supplements,
the right diet.
She cares whether or
not you poop every day.
She does not
medically gaslight you
and make you think
that it's your fault
and that you're crazy.
And you finally lose the weight.
And you get to do your happy
dance because it's working.
And you like sex again.
That was me back in 2001.
I was competing in multiple
fitness and figure competitions.
I was fitness modeling.
And my body rebelled against me.
That's me now.
That was me then.
I do not have any in-between
pictures because I was ashamed.
I felt judged.
She's eaten too many donuts.
I blamed myself for
what my body was doing.
But from that point on, when
I got the answers, I said,
no other woman will ever
go through this again.
We need to demand, no more
of the same treatment.
You can have fat loss.
That is easy.
It can be done.
So we are going to talk about
that today as we incorporate
in the thyroid.
But we got to blow up
some common beliefs first
about metabolism and fat loss.
Healing your gut is wonderful.
It's not just the
only thing that's
going to make you lose weight.
Eating less and
exercising more is not
going to make you lose weight.
And even all that cardio
and LHS, Lift Heavy Stuff,
is not going to make
you lose weight.
But optimizing your
thyroid, your testosterone,
your insulin levels will.
Now, we're going to
talk to thyroid today
because the thyroid gland
is your master gland.
It runs the show.
It runs your entire body.
It gives you energy,
metabolism, drive, motivation.
It clears your brain,
makes you feel good.
And if you have symptoms
of low thyroid function,
you have many problems--
from the weight gain
no matter what you do, the
brain fog, the hair loss,
the joint pain.
So when we're
talking thyroid, we
need to talk about those
key hormones for thyroid.
First, there's T3.
T3 is the gas.
That's the gas in your engine.
That's what's running the
show, running your metabolism.
We have reverse T3
Those are the brakes.
That puts the
brakes on your body.
It puts your body
into survival mode.
And then we have T2.
It's like a stick of dynamite
for your mitochondria.
A stick of dynamite for
your basal metabolic rate.
And all of these work together.
T3 and T2 make you that badass
woman that you're meant to be.
We need to know what they are.
We need to know your values.
Now, here's the thing.
We want you in
the optimal range.
We want to test to not guess.
I want you optimal.
Free T3, when we test
that, we actually
want that in the upper
quadrant of the range.
I don't care where
you live in this world
or what lab you
go to, I want you
in that upper
quadrant of the range
because the standard
lab value range is taken
from a group of sick people.
And that's a problem.
Functional medicine
says, give me your fit,
give me your biohackers, give me
the badasses, let's test them.
Then we get that
optimal lab value range.
It's a little bit more
narrow, but that's
where I want you to be.
Reverse T3, the brakes.
Let's test your brakes just
like a car, let's test them.
Lower quadrant of the
range, less than a 12.
My UK peeps, you're the same.
Less than 12.
T2, there's actually no
commercial test for it.
We just take it, and
we reap the benefits.
So again, we have to
test to not guess.
TSA, free T4, free T3,
reverse T3, your brakes.
TPO and TGA antibodies, that's
what tells me whether or not you
have Hashimoto's.
It tells me whether
or not you have
soldiers in you that like to
go out and beat up your thyroid
gland.
We want to know the amount
of soldiers you have
because we want to keep
them in their barracks
and keep them from
starting a war.
And we want all of those numbers
optimal, not just normal.
So let's say you resonate
with those symptoms.
Let's say you go out and
you get all of those tests.
What can you do?
Sometimes you need thyroid
hormone replacement.
This is personalized medicine.
This is thyroid hormone
replacement that fits you.
Maybe we need to give you
a little bit of T3 and T4.
That pill I was
given, that was T4.
Here's the problem.
T4 has to convert over
to T3 to be active.
I wasn't converting.
This is where caring and asking,
how do you feel comes in.
I want you on the right
thyroid hormone replacement
that's right for you.
I get the question all the time.
What medication do you like
the best in the thyroid world?
It's the one that's going to
work for you, in the dose that's
going to work for you.
Then we have gluten-free.
Gluten-free is not just a fad.
Gluten actually looks
like the thyroid gland.
So you know those
little soldiers,
they like to go out
and start a war.
So when you eat gluten,
your soldiers amp up.
They go, hey, there's
an invader coming in.
Let's go get them.
And they go out and they
attack your thyroid gland.
Now, what's going to happen
if I beat you up every day?
Not cool.
You're not going to feel great.
You're not going to work well.
You're not going
to be productive.
Same with your thyroid gland.
And then there's T2, 3,
5, Dieto, L-theanine.
This raises your
basal metabolic rate.
It actually works at
the mitochondrial level
to produce more ATP.
So that fatigue that you feel
from low thyroid function,
T2 can help that.
That weight gain that you
get, T2 can help that too.
Powerful hormone.
And then Keto, carnivore,
black cumin seed oil.
Why do I have all
those together?
They're anti-inflammatory.
We want to take down the
inflammation in your body
so that your thyroid
can work better,
so those soldiers stay
in their barracks.
Black cumin seed
oil actually has
been shown to lower thyroid
antibodies in Hashimoto's
upwards of 200 points.
And we have seen this reduction.
It's amazing.
So we lower that onslaught.
We lower the attack.
We lower the inflammation.
And now, your thyroid
hormones work better,
and you work better.
So as women, we have to stand
on no more of the same--
no more of the same treatment.
We demand more.
We deserve more because better
thyroid and better hormones
equals a better life.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[AUDIO LOGO]